= yandex_metric

Simple wrapper over Yandex Metric REST API.

== Methods

Yandex Metric API => Ruby
GET /counters => get_counters
POST /counter/{id}/filters => post_counter_filters
DELETE /counter/{id}/grant/{user_login} => delete_counter_grant

All methods are taking the only argument which is hash.
{something} in request path will be raplaced with args['something'].

== Examples

 ym = YandexMetric.new({
   :username => username,
   :password => password,
   :client_id => client_id,
   :client_secret => client_secret,
 })

 cid = ym.get_counters['counters'][0]['id']
 puts ym.get_counter_goals({'id' => cid})
 yesterday = (Time.new - 86400).strftime '%Y%m%d'
 today = Time.new.strftime '%Y%m%d'
 p = {
   'id' => cid,
   'date1' => yesterday,
   'date2' => today,
   'group' => 'day'
 }
 puts ym.get_stat_traffic_summary(p)

== Contributing to yandex_metric
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 bskaplou. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

